docs: Provide guidance on maintainers violating code of conduct (#97)
kedacore/governance: GOVERNANCE.md

the other project maintainers agrees to extend the period to be greater than 3
months.

> If a maintainer violates our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), all maintainers will discuss the incident allowing the maintainer to give background and other maintainers will cast a vote. If the vote results in a  [super-majority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote), then the maintainer needs to step down and leave the maintainer board.

Author: ```suggestion
If a maintainer violates our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), all maintainers will discuss the incident allowing the maintainer to give background and other maintainers will cast a vote. If the vote results in a [super-majority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote), then the maintainer needs to step down and leave the maintainer board.
```

the other project maintainers agrees to extend the period to be greater than 3
months.

> If a maintainer violates our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), a [super-majority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote) vote will be
> performed by the other project maintainers to determine the future of the maintainer.

Author: I want to use a vote so that the "incident" can be discussed and we don't just throw people out.

Maybe that should be clarified:
```suggestion
If a maintainer violates our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), all maintainers will discuss the incident allowing the maintainer to give background and other maintainers will cast a vote. If the vote results in a  [super-majority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermajority#Two-thirds_vote), then the maintainer needs to step down and leave the maintainer board.
```

Reviewer: I like the suggestion

Reviewer: Nit: there seems to be an extra space in `a  [super-majority]`
